{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f21\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f50\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f53\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f54\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f55\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f164\fscript\fcharset238\fprq2 Comic Sans MS CE;}{\f165\fscript\fcharset204\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Cyr;}
{\f167\fscript\fcharset161\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Greek;}{\f168\fscript\fcharset162\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Tur;}{\f169\fscript\fcharset186\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\info
{\title WHAT THE QUICKSILVER QUEST IS}{\author ple}{\operator ple}{\creatim\yr2001\mo3\dy21\hr12\min52}{\revtim\yr2001\mo3\dy21\hr13\min34}{\version5}{\edmins7}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1846}{\nofchars10524}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}
\margl1319\margr1319\margt720\margb720 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery0\footery0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\b\f21\ul\cf2 WHAT THE QUICKSILVER QUEST IS
\par }{\f21 
\par The QuickSilver Quest is an insured futures strategy designed to provide virtually unlimited profit potential with strictly limited and defined risk.  The strategy has both bullish (up) and bearish (down) variations.
\par 
\par The bullish version of the trade involves:
\par 
\par The purchase of a Comex silver futures contract.
\par AND
\par The simultaneous purchase of an in-the-money Comex silver put option as insurance.
\par 
\par The bearish version of the trade involves:
\par 
\par The short sale of a Comex silver futures contract.
\par AND
\par The simultaneous purchase of an in-the money Comex silver call option as insurance.
\par 
\par The decision to do either a bullish or bearish version of the trade depends on whether current silver prices are high or low, b
ased on historical standards.  However, before you can make that decision, you have to know what constitutes a high price for silver futures, and when the price is considered low.
\par 
\par There is no absolutely perfect definition of high and low for silver prices - even the highest price can go higher, just as a very low price can go lower (unless, of course, it hits zero).  As a general rule, however, history has shown that you\rquote 
ll maximize both your safety and you odds of success if you follow these guidelines:
\par 
\par - Do a bullish QuickSilver Quest only when the price of the silver futures contract you are monitoring is below $11.00 an ounce.
\par - Do a bearish QuickSilver Quest only when the price of the silver futures contract you are monitoring is above $11.00 an ounce.
\par 
\par }{\b\f21\ul\cf2 THE QUICKSILVER QUEST ENTRY RULES
\par }{\f21 
\par As with most insured futures strategies, the entry rules for The QuickSilver Quest are extremely simple - there are really only two key rules for determining when to do both the bullish and bearish versions of the trade.
\par Do a bullish QuickSilver Quest only when:
\par 1. The price of the silver futures contract you are monitoring is below $11.00 per ounce and has fallen (or risen by 1 cent or less) for three consecutive trading days.
\par 2. Your maximum potential loss on the trade would be $2,000 or less.  (NOTE:  More conservative investors may wish to initiate trades only when they can get a maximum risk of $1.200 or less.  Be aware, however, that such lo
w-risk opportunities usually occur only when both silver prices and volatility are low.  If prices are above $7.50 an ounce or volatility is increasing, you\rquote ll probably have to go with the higher $2,000 risk limit if you hope to do a trade.)
\par 
\par Do a bearish QuickSilver Quest only when:
\par 1. The price of the silver futures contract you are monitoring is above $11.00 per ounce and has risen (or fallen by 1 cent or less) for three consecutive trading days.
\par 2. Your maximum potential loss on the trade would be $2,000 or less.
\par 
\par }{\b\f21\ul\cf2 A CONTRARIAN ENTRY APPROACH
\par }{\f21 
\par If you are at all familiar with futures trading, the idea of waiting for the price of silver to fall for three consecutive days before initiating a bullish trade (and rise for three days before opening a bearish tra
de) may seem puzzling at first.  However, there is a very good reason for taking this \ldblquote contrarian\rdblquote  approach to entering a QuickSilver Quest.  Many commodities (such as currencies, bonds and some agricultural products) are considered  
\ldblquote trending\rdblquote  commodities
, meaning they tend to move in a single direction for prolonged periods.  With such commodities, you want to make sure that a trend is established before entering a trade - meaning you would wait for several up days before opening a bullish trade and seve
r
al down days before entering a bearish position.  Silver, however, is different.  Because of its dual role as both an industrial metal and a precious metal, its price is subject to many different - and often contradictory - influences.  As a result, it is
 
considered a very volatile commodity, meaning it is likely to make sudden sharp moves upward and equally dramatic moves back down.  In three days, silver will often complete an entire move in one direction, with the value of a single futures contract risi
ng or falling by as much as $10,000!  Thus, if you jump aboard then, expecting the trend to continue, you will usually be sadly disappointed.  Instead, we prefer to take a \ldblquote contrarian\rdblquote 
 approach - entering bullish trades only after silver has moved down for 
three consecutive days, and entering bearish trades only when it has moved upward for three consecutive days (though we will overlook one cent and ounce or less).  That way, we never get into a trade too late - and, if we turn out to be right, we will hav
e entered our trade at a much more advantageous price level.  In addition, if we turn out to be wrong, we will at least have missed three days of silver\rquote s move against us. 
\par 
\par }{\f21\ul One Final Entry Rule
\par }{\f21 
\par There\rquote s only one more absolute entry rule and it applies to b
oth versions of the trade - always use exactly the same number of matching futures and potions contracts in a QuickSilver Quest.  In other words, if you buy (or sell short) two March futures contracts, also buy exactly two March options.  One option insur
e
s only one futures contract.  If you buy (or sell short) more futures contracts than options, you leave some of the futures positions uninsured and expose yourself to an unacceptable level of risk.  And, if you buy more options than futures, you will simp
ly be wasting money since you will be paying for more protection than you can use.
\par 
\par }{\b\f21\ul\cf2 CLOSING YOUR QUICKSILVER QUEST POSITIONS
\par }{\f21 
\par There are a number of different approaches to closing a QuickSilver Quest position - and you will have to choose one based on your 
own personal attitudes and investment goals.  However, we can offer several suggestions, starting with three possible plans for those who do their QuickSilver Quest trades with only one futures contract and one option.
\par 
\par }{\f21\ul An Aggressive Single-Contract Approach
\par }{\f21 
\par Once you have established your position, set a target of around $4,000 in profits - and close you trade when you achieve it.  It will typically take a move in the futures price of $1.00 to $1.25 an ounce to produce a profit of this size.  (Trader\rquote 
s who enter using the $1,2000 maximum-risk limit can shoot for a target profit of $2,500.)
\par 
\par The reason we recommend a $4,000 target is simple - with a maximum loss of only $2,000 and a potential profit of $4,000 you can be wrong two out of three times and 
still break even.  However, if you are right two out three times, you stand a good chance of doubling the amount you had to put up to do you initial trade.
\par 
\par }{\f21\ul A More Conservative Single-Contract Approach
\par }{\f21 
\par If you don\rquote t want to risk waiting for a move of $1.00 to $1.25 an ounce, this method will usually provide more frequent, but smaller, profits - but it should be used only with bullish trades.  With it, you would:
\par - Sell you futures contract on any rise in the futures price of 50 cents per ounce or more, holding the put for a possible pullback.
\par - Sell your put option if the futures price then pulls back to the original level at which you opened your trade - or, if you are more aggressive, hold the put to expiration in hopes of catching a larger decline.
\par 
\par This should ensure a nice profit on the trade - even if the pullback fails to come and the put expired worthless.  But, if the futures price does reverse and head downward again, you can turn two small moves into one big profit!
\par 
\par }{\f21\ul A Conservative Variation Should Silver Prices Fall
\par }{\f21 
\par Even using a contrarian entry approach, there will be times when silver continues to move down (or up) after you open a position.  Aggressive traders, recognizing that their trade is insured, will usually opt to wait such a situation o
ut, hoping for an eventual reversal to carry them back to profitable position.  For more conservative bullish traders, however, there is another alternative:
\par 
\par - Sell your put option on any drop in the futures price of 50 cents per ounce or more and hold the future for a possible upward reversal.  Protect yourself by placing a \ldblquote stop-loss order\rdblquote 
 to sell the future at a level 20 cents below its price when you sell the put.
\par - Sell your futures contract if the price then climbs back to the original level at which you opened your trade - or, if you\rquote 
re more aggressive, hold it until just before the first notice day in hopes of catching a larger rally.  If the future does rally, protect your gains by using a \ldblquote trailing stop loss.\rdblquote 
\par 
\par This strategy can produce large profits if a rally does occur - and will usually give you a small profit even if prices don\rquote 
t rally.  The danger is that the decline will continue and you will be stopped out.  This will obviously produce a loss on the full trade - but that loss will usually 
be approximately the same (within $300 to $400) as the less you would have suffered had you not sold the put early.  However, because of this added risk - there is no guarantee that a stop-loss order will get you out of a position at the requested price -
 we recommend that you use this approach only when you open a trade at a futures price of $5.50 per ounce or less.
\par 
\par }{\f21\ul Going for Major Profits With a Trailing Stop Loss
\par }{\f21 
\par The most aggressive single-contract approach is to simply go for a major move in silver prices, protecting yourself along the way by using a "trailing stop loss." Here's how it would work:
\par 
\par - When you open a position, either bullish or bearish, start with an initial target profit of $2,000 (which you'll probably get on a 45- to 50-cent move in the price of the futures contract) - but don't close your position just because that target is hit.

\par - Instead, keep your futures position open and give your broker a "stop-loss" order to sell the future should the price fall back by 20 cents an ounce. (Twe
nty cents an ounce, which translates to $1,000, may seem like a lot to risk giving back, but you must allow enough room for prices to move - otherwise, in a volatile market like silver, you risk getting stopped out almost immediately.)
\par - If prices keep going in your favor, simply move your stop-loss order up (or down, if it's a bearish trade) - advancing the stop 30 cents for every 40-cent move in the futures price in the same direction.
\par 
\par }{\b\f21\ul\cf2 DO YOUR TRADES WITH MULTIPLE CONTRACTS IF POSSIBLE
\par }{\f21 
\par Our preferred version of The QuickSilver Quest - especially on the bullish trade - involves using two silver futures contracts and two options. With this variation, you can take a quick profit, but still retain the potential for a major gain should silver
 futures explode upward. Here's how it works:
\par 
\par - Buy (or sell short) two futures contracts and buy two insuring puts (or calls for a bearish trade).
\par - Set an initial target of $1,000 for one position  and take that profit, closing out both the future and the insuring option, as soon as it is achieved (which will likely require a move of about 25 cents in the price of the futures contract).
\par - At the same time you take your profit on the first position, place a stop-loss order to close your second futures cont
ract should the price pull back 20 cents from its level at that time. If the price of your remaining silver futures contract continues to rise, keep moving your stop loss up by 30 cents for every 40-cent increase in the price, until you have a $1.00 cushi
on between the futures price and you stop loss.
\par - If your futures contract is stopped out - either at the initial stop level or a higher one - sell your option if it is worth 8 cents an ounce or more.  Otherwise, hold it until expiration - just in case of a
 reversal, which could add to your profits (sometimes substantially).
\par 
\par With this variation of the strategy you are virtually guaranteed a small gain if you get a chance to close out your first position, yet you retain the opportunity to score a really majo
r profit coup - perhaps $15,000, $20,000 or even $30,000- should silver keep rising.
\par 
\par }{\b\f21\ul\cf2 CLOSING A TRADE AT EXPIRATION
\par }{\f21 
\par In spite of the historic volatility of the silver market, there will be times when none of the conditions we've outlined develop and you will wind up holding your trade until the option expiration date. When that happens, you should do one of two things:

\par 
\par - If the option is in the money, sell (or buy back) the futures contract and sell the option on the final day of trading (again, this is th
e second Friday of the month prior to the futures delivery month). This will produce a loss very close to your expected maximum loss on the trade.
\par - If the option is out of the money, sell (or buy back) the futures contract at a profit and let the option e
xpire worthless (unless you can sell it for at least 2 cents, which will be unlikely at that stage) . This could produce either a small profit or a small loss on the overall trade, depending on the actual level of the futures price.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f21 
\par }}