{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f16\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}{\f17\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f18\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f20\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f22\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f29\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f30\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f32\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f33\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f34\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f113\fscript\fcharset238\fprq2 Comic Sans MS CE;}{\f114\fscript\fcharset204\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Cyr;}
{\f116\fscript\fcharset161\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Greek;}{\f117\fscript\fcharset162\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Tur;}{\f118\fscript\fcharset186\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\info
{\title WHAT THE TOTAL MARKET TACTIC IS}{\author ple}{\operator ple}{\creatim\yr2001\mo3\dy21\hr12\min50}{\revtim\yr2001\mo3\dy22\hr8\min53}{\version4}{\edmins2}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1198}{\nofchars6830}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}
\margl1080\margr720\margt720\margb720 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery0\footery0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\b\f16\ul\cf2 WHAT THE TOTAL MARKET TACTIC IS
\par }{\f16 
\par The Tot
al Market Tactic is what is known as a "spread" strategy -- and spread strategies are designed to take advantage of the best of two worlds. In the case of The Total Market Tactic, the spread strategy combines the situation that offers the most advantages 
f
or buyers of S&P 500 options with the situation that offers the highest potential to writers of S&P 500 options. And, as with most spread strategies, it is surprisingly simple to do. You merely buy an in-the-money S&P 500 option and simultaneously write a
n
 out-of-the-money S&P 500 option of the same type and with the same expiration date. The result is an investment position that has strictly defined and limited risk, that costs less than either the outright purchase or the outright sale of the individual 
options involved, and that still offers tremendous profit potential.
\par 
\par There are two versions of The Total Market Tactic spread:
\par The bullish version, for use when you believe the stock market is going to rise, done with call options.
\par AND
\par The bearish version, for use when you think the stock market is going to fall, is done with put options.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\ul\cf2 GUIDELINES FOR INITIATING THE TOTAL MARKET TACTIC
\par }{\f16 
\par The key feature of any spread strategy is that profits are made when the relationship -- or spread -- between the price
s of the investment vehicles involved changes. With some spreads, you want the difference between the two prices to narrow, but in most -- including The Total Market Tactic -- You want the spread to widen. As a result, it only makes sense that you would w
ant to initiate your positions when the spread is as narrow as possible.
\par 
\par There are three reasons for this:
\par 
\par - First, the narrower the opening spread, the smaller your maximum possible loss -- if you open a Total Market position for 2.00 points, then $1,000 is the most you can lose.
\par - Second, the narrower the opening spread, the larger your maximum potential profit. If you open a Total Market position for $1,000 rather than, say, $1,250, your maximum profit rises from $1,250 to $1,500 and your potential return jumps substantially.

\par - Third, the narrower the opening spread, the greater your chances will be of being able to take a sizable profit in a short period of time.
\par 
\par }{\f16\ul The Rules for Opening a Total Market Tactic
\par }{\f16 
\par Based on that reasoning we have established the following entry guidelines for The Total Market Tactic:
\par 
\par 1. Buy only those in-the-money S&P 500 options having a strike price closest to the actual price of the underlying S&P 500 Stock Index futures price.
\par 2. Write only those out-of-the-money S&P 500 options having a strike price closest to the actual price of the underlying S&P 500 Stock Index futures contract.
\par 3. Always buy and sell the same number of options, and never buy and sell options with differing expiration dates (meaning different underlying futures contracts) as part of the same spread.
\par 4. Initiate a bullish Total Market Tactic only when the spread between the in-the-money and out-of-the-money S&P 500 calls is 2.50 or less.
\par 5. Initiate a bearish Total Market Tactic only when the spread between the in-the-money and out-of-the-money S&P 500 puts is 2.25 or less.
\par 6. Never initiate a Total Market Tactic position after the first Friday of the month in which the options you are using expire.
\par 
\par There is one other question regarding entry that must be answered: What do you do if you get a "two-way" signal? A "two-way" signal occurs when both a bullish spread and a bearish spread meet entry requirements on the same day.
\par This situation usually occurs only when
 the market has been very volatile -- and it requires you to make a judgment about which way you feel the market is heading. If you are bullish on the market, do the call spread and ignore the put signal.  Or, if you are bearish, do the put spread and ign
o
re the call signal.  An alternate strategy, if have the money and there are three weeks or more remaining prior to expiration, is to go ahead and do both will actually wind up working.  One warning, though:  When the spread that produces profits first hit
s your target (which we\rquote ll explain in a moment), take those profits quickly.  Otherwise, you could lose your gains when the market turns around (as the signal for your second spread originally hinted it might).
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\ul\cf2 GUIDELINES FOR CLOSING YOUR TOTAL MARKET TACTIC
\par }{\f16 
\par There are three times when you will be losing a Total Market position:  when you take an early profit, when you take an early loss, and when the options expire.
\par 
\par }{\f16\ul Taking an Early Profit
\par }{\f16 
\par A conservative guideline for taking early profits involves closing 
out when you achieve again equal to at least 60 2ercent of your maximum profit. That will provide enough profit to cover your commissions and still leave you with a net profit of $600 to $700.
\par 
\par A more aggressive approach -- and the one we favor --involves 
setting a flat spread price as a target. In most cases -- particularly when the market is volatile -- that spread price is 4.10 points. That target has proven attainable in most cases. It covers your commissions (that's what the " .10" is for) and still l
eaves you with a net profit of at least $800 (on the bullish trade) to $925 (on the bearish trade) -- even if you open a position at the maximum allowable spread.
\par 
\par Whichever approach you use, there's one absolute rule:
\par 
\par Enter your target profit on the Tracking Sheet -- and, when you reach the target 
\par profit, take it immediately!                                                                                                                     
\par 
\par }{\f16\ul Closing Out at a Loss
\par }{\f16 
\par Though The Total Market Tactic has an out
standing track record, there will be times when it won't work -- and, quite frankly, on those occasions you just have to take a loss. The trick, however, is to keep the loss as small as possible. For that reason, if you are conservative, we advise setting
 
a "stop loss" at a spread level of about 1.10 points -- and taking your loss if the spread narrows to that price. (Note: This is a mental stop loss that you will have to enforce yourself -- brokers will not take an actual stop-loss order on S&P 500 option
 spreads.) Again, the " .10" will cover your commissions, the 1.00 point you get back will mean your loss will be just 1.25 to 1.50 points -- or $625 to $750.
\par 
\par If you are more aggressive, we also recommend placing a stop loss at 1.10 -- but not until the fi
nal week before the options are due to expire. Prior to that, there is plenty of time for a volatile market like the S&P 500 to turn around. And, nothing hurts worse than being stopped out of a position only to have the market reverse to a level that woul
d have given you a nice profit! So, close a losing trade early only when the spread drops below 1.10 in the final week of trading.
\par 
\par When closing out at a loss, don't use a spread order. Instead, tell the broker you want to buy back your short option and sel
l your long option "at the market." This means the orders will automatically be filled at the best prices available when they reach the trading floor and guarantees you'll get out of the position, which is what you want since you're stopping a loss.

\par 
\par }{\b\f16\ul\cf2 CLOSING OUT AT EXPIRATION
\par }{\f16 
\par The only other time you'll be closing out a position is when the options expire, hopefully with both well in the money so that you achieve your maximum profit. This is the easiest close of all since you merely tell your broker to exer
cise your long option. You don't have to worry about the option you sold -- if it is in the money, it's the obligation of the person who bought it to make sure it gets exercised. Assuming the other person does that, then both options will be converted to 
f
utures contracts.  Since one conversion will create a long position and the other will create a short position, the contracts will offset. But, they will do so at prices 5.00 points apart -- and the full 5.00 points, or $2,500 (less commissions) will be c
r
edited to your account. The exception to this occurs in the four futures delivery months (March, June, September and December), when the options will simply be "marked to the market" and the cash difference (again 5.00 points, or $2,500) credited to your 
account (after deducting commissions).
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f16 
\par }}