{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red53\green94\blue144;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\sb21\cf1\expndtw6\b\f0\fs32 G\expndtw4 e\expndtw6 n\expndtw4 es\expndtw7 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw-5  \expndtw4 F\expndtw7 i\expndtw4 n\expndtw6 a\expndtw4 n\expndtw6 c\expndtw4 ia\expndtw0 l\expndtw-5  \expndtw-48 T\expndtw6 e\expndtw4 ch\expndtw6 n\expndtw5 o\expndtw4 l\expndtw5 og\expndtw7 i\expndtw4 e\expndtw6 s\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-15  \expndtw6 I\expndtw4 n\expndtw0 c.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb19\b0\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\expndtw-30\b\fs28 T\expndtw-2 r\expndtw6 a\expndtw4 d\expndtw0 e\expndtw5  N\expndtw2 a\expndtw5 vi\expndtw4 g\expndtw6 a\expndtw4 t\expndtw5 o\expndtw4 r\expndtw0\'ae\expndtw2  \expndtw4\b0 End User\expndtw-3  \expndtw6 L\expndtw3 i\expndtw6 c\expndtw4 e\expndtw6 n\expndtw4 s\expndtw0 e\expndtw-1  \expndtw4 Ag\expndtw6 r\expndtw4 e\expndtw6 e\expndtw4 m\expndtw6 e\expndtw4 n\expndtw0 t (EULA)\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb19\cf0\b0\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\expndtw1\b C\expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 RE\expndtw1 F\expndtw-1 U\expndtw0 LLY\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 RE\expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 D\expndtw2  \expndtw0 THE\expndtw-1  F\expndtw1 O\expndtw0 L\expndtw-2 L\expndtw1 O\expndtw0 WI\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 G\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 TER\expndtw-1 M\expndtw0 S\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 ND\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 CO\expndtw0 N\expndtw-1 D\expndtw0 ITI\expndtw1 O\expndtw0 NS.\expndtw-11  \expndtw0 THESE TER\expndtw-1 M\expndtw0 S\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 ND\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 C\expndtw-1 O\expndtw0 N\expndtw-1 D\expndtw0 ITI\expndtw1 O\expndtw0 NS\expndtw-11  \expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 RE \expndtw-1 A\expndtw1 CC\expndtw0 E\expndtw1 P\expndtw0 TED\expndtw-6  \expndtw1 B\expndtw0 Y\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 D\expndtw1 O\expndtw0 WNL\expndtw1 O\expndtw-1 AD\expndtw0 I\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 G,\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 I\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 ST\expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 LLI\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 G, \expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 N\expndtw-1 D\expndtw0 /\expndtw1 O\expndtw0 R\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 U\expndtw0 SI\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 G\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 THIS\expndtw-1  P\expndtw0 R\expndtw1 O\expndtw-1 DU\expndtw1 C\expndtw0 T.\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb4 This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) (\ldblquote you\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Licensee\rdblquote ) and G\expndtw1 e\expndtw-2 n\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 F\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nanc\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 al\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 T\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 c\expndtw-2 h\expndtw0 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-8  \expndtw0 In\expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 . \expndtw0 (\ldblquote GE\expndtw-1 N\expndtw-2 E\expndtw1 S\expndtw0 I\expndtw1 S\rdblquote\expndtw0 ),\expndtw-8  \expndtw0 for the GENESIS software product(s) identified above which may include associated software components, media, printed materials, and "online" or electronic documentation ("SOFTWARE").  For purposes of this EULA, \ldblquote SOFTWARE\rdblquote  shall also include any other programs, tools, internet-based services, components and any \ldblquote updates\rdblquote  of the SOFTWARE that GENESIS provides or makes available to you.  \b\caps By installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. \caps0  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS EULA, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY, OR USE THE SOFTWARE. \b0  This EULA represents the entire agreement concerning the license between you and GENESIS, and it supersedes any prior proposal, representation, or understanding between you and GENESIS.  Certain SOFTWARE may be accompanied by, and will be subject to, additional terms.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\i\par
\expndtw-1\b0\i0 N\expndtw0 OW,\expndtw-1  T\expndtw1 H\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 R\expndtw0 E\expndtw1 F\expndtw0 O\expndtw1 R\expndtw-2 E\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-1  i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-7  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 m\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 ual\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 ro\expndtw1 m\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-6  \expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 t \expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 rt\expndtw0 h\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n,\expndtw-5  \expndtw-2 G\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw1 S\expndtw0 IS\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 L\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ns\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 e\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 ag\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 e\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 to the following:\par
\par
\cf1\b\fs24 1. LIMITED L\expndtw-2 ICENSE.\cf0\expndtw0\b0\fs22\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb3\fs20 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the payment of any applicable fees, GENESIS grants you a personal, limited, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the SOFTWARE and documentation necessary to access, explore and otherwise use the SOFTWARE in real time and to use the materials in the SOFTWARE in a manner consistent with its intended purpose.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\fs24 2. USER\rquote S AGREEMENT.\par
\cf0\b0\fs20 You agree to:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa288\cf1\b A.\tab\cf0\b0 Maintain all equipment required for your access to and use of the SOFTWARE.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa288\cf1\b B.\tab\cf0\b0 Provide true, accurate, current and complete information as prompted during the sign-up process, and maintain and promptly update such information that is inaccurate, not current or incomplete.\par
\cf1\b C.\tab\cf0\b0 Maintain the security of your user identification, password and other confidential information relating to your SOFTWARE account.\par
\cf1\b D.\tab\cf0\b0 Be responsible for all charges resulting from use of your GENESIS account, including any unauthorized use.\par
\cf1\b E.\cf0\b0\tab Immediately notify GENESIS if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of the SOFTWARE, your user identification, password or other confidential information relating to your SOFTWARE or GENESIS account.  GENESIS reserves the right to deny you access to the SOFTWARE (or any part thereof) if GENESIS reasonably believes that any loss, theft or unauthorized use of the SOFTWARE or such information has occurred. \par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\sa240\cf1\b\fs24 3. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\li360\sa240\fs20 (a) Maintenance of Copyright Notices.\cf0\b0\line You must not remove or alter any copyright notices on any and all copies of the SOFTWARE.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa240\cf1\b (b) Modification and Distribution.\cf0\b0\line Except as expressly set forth herein, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, resell or distribute in any way the SOFTWARE.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, evaluation versions of the SOFTWARE available for free download from the GENESIS websites may be freely distributed.\par
\cf1\b (c) Number of Installations Allowed.\cf0\b0\line The SOFTWARE will only be used on a single personal computer unless otherwise agreed upon.\par
\cf1\b (d) Backup Copy.\cf0\b0\line Licensee may make one copy of the SOFTWARE for backup or archival purposes.\par
\cf1\b (e) Prohibition on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly.\cf0\b0\line You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation. \par
\cf1\b (f) Rental.\cf0\b0\line You may not permit any third party to benefit from the use or functionality of the SOFTWARE via a rental, lease, timesharing, service bureau or other arrangement.\par
\cf1\b (g) Support Services.\cf0\b0\line GENESIS may provide you with support services related to the SOFTWARE, including without limitation, maintenance, service information, help content, bug fixes, maintenance releases, and other services (the "Support Services").  Any supplemental software code provided to you as part of the Support Services shall be considered part of the SOFTWARE and subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA. \par
\cf1\b (h) Compliance with Applicable Laws.\cf0\b0\line You must comply with all applicable laws regarding use of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.\par
\cf1\b (i)  Technical Limitations.\line\cf0\b0 You may not work around any technical limitations in the SOFTWARE or use any tool or enable features or functionalities that are otherwise disabled in the SOFTWARE.\par
\cf1\b (j)  Interference.\line\cf0\b0 You shall not perform or attempt to perform any actions that would interfere with the proper working of the SOFTWARE, prevent access to or the use of the SOFTWARE by GENESIS\rquote s other licensees or customers, or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on GENESIS\rquote s infrastructure.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\fs24 4. FEES.\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb1\expndtw2\fs20 I\expndtw0 n\expndtw-3  \expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-10  \expndtw1 fo\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 an\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw0 ng \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 li\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ns\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 u\expndtw0 se\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 S\expndtw-1 OFTWARE\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 acc\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ss\expndtw-7  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o GE\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 S\expndtw2 I\expndtw0 S\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 D\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a \expndtw1 Se\expndtw-1 rvi\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 L\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 e\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 ag\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 ee\expndtw0 s\expndtw-7  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o pay\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 GE\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 S\expndtw2 I\expndtw0 S\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 qu\expndtw-1 ir\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 ee\expndtw0 s\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 as\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 ag\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 ee\expndtw0 d\expndtw-7  \expndtw1 w\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-4  the \expndtw0 acc\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 unt\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 w\expndtw0 as\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 established and\expndtw-2 /\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 w\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 mo\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa120\cf1\expndtw1\b A\expndtw0 .\b0   \expndtw26  \cf0\expndtw-1 D\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1  S\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rvi\expndtw0 ce\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 pa\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 d \expndtw1 m\expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 y\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 annua\expndtw-1 ll\expndtw0 y\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 d\expndtw-2 u\expndtw0 e\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 by\expndtw-1  t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 ir\expndtw0 st\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 day\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ach\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r by\expndtw-1  t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 ir\expndtw0 st day\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 annual\expndtw-3  \expndtw-2 p\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 d.\par
\cf1\expndtw1\b\dn1 B\expndtw0 .\tab\cf0\b0 You authorize GENESIS to debit the credit card account indicated for the required fees on the schedule indicated when the account was established and/or when later modified.  You understand and agree that this authorization will remain in effect until you cancel it in writing, and you agree to notify GENESIS of any changes in the credit card account information or termination of this authorization at least 15 days prior to the next billing date.  You agree that you will not dispute any payment to GENESIS with your credit card company, so long as the transaction corresponds to the terms indicated in this EULA and during the sign-up process.\up0\par
\cf1\expndtw1\b\dn1 C\expndtw0 .\b0  \expndtw41  \cf0\expndtw-1 D\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1  S\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rvi\expndtw0 ce\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 S\expndtw-1 OFTWARE f\expndtw1 ee\expndtw0 s\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 re\expndtw1 f\expndtw0 undab\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 .\up0\par
\cf1\b D.\b0  \expndtw41  \cf0\expndtw-1 D\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1  f\expndtw1 ee\expndtw0 s\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 S\expndtw-1 OFTWARE\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 ee\expndtw0 s\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 qu\expndtw-1 ir\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 cu\expndtw-1 rr\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 v\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 l\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 d\expndtw2  \expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 t\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 ca\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 d.\expndtw60  \expndtw2 I\expndtw0 f\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 at any\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 t ca\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 d\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 o\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 pany\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 li\expndtw0 n\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 t\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 ca\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 d\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ansac\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n,\expndtw-8  \expndtw0 GE\expndtw-1 N\expndtw-2 E\expndtw1 S\expndtw0 I\expndtw1 S\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 at \expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 s \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n,\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 m\expndtw0 ay\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 sc\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw0 nue \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rvi\expndtw0 ce\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 L\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ns\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 e\expndtw-7  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ut\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw2 a\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\fs24 5. FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS.  \par
\cf0\b0\fs20 In connection with your use of the SOFTWARE, and as part of the functionality of the SOFTWARE, you may have access to certain online services that may be made available by certain financial institutions (the \ldblquote Banking Services\rdblquote ).  The SOFTWARE is designed to allow you to access the Banking Services (if and to the extent provided by such financial institutions) to access your account(s), make trades, download transactions into the SOFTWARE and otherwise aggregate information from your account(s) with the financial institutions.  You acknowledge and agree that GENESIS has no control over the provision of the Banking Services or provision of access to the Banking Services by the financial institutions, does not guarantee that you will be able to use the SOFTWARE with the Banking Services, and will have no liability whatsoever for any actions or inactions on the part of the financial institutions resulting in your inability to use the SOFTWARE to access your account(s), make trades, obtain data, download transactions, or otherwise use or access the Banking Services.\par
\par
You acknowledge that in accessing the Banking Services through the SOFTWARE, your financial institution account access number(s), password(s), security question(s) and answer(s), account number(s), login information, and any other security or access information, and the actual data in your account(s) with such financial institution(s) such as balances, debits and credits (collectively, the \ldblquote Banking Data\rdblquote ), are collected and stored in the SOFTWARE.  You authorize GENESIS, in conjunction with the SOFTWARE, to use certain Banking Data to (a)\~collect your Banking Data, (b)\~reformat and manipulate such Banking Data, (c)\~create and provide hypertext links to your financial institutions, (d)\~access the financial institutions\rquote  websites using your Banking Data, and (e)\~take such other actions as are reasonably necessary to perform the actions described in (a) through (d) above.  You hereby represent that you are the legal owner of the Banking Data and that you have the authority to appoint, and hereby expressly do appoint, GENESIS as your agent with limited power of attorney to access and retrieve your Banking Data on your behalf.  You further acknowledge that GENESIS does not review your Banking Data and agree that GENESIS is not responsible for its completeness or accuracy.  Any transactions or informational activities performed at any financial institution\rquote s website are not made through the SOFTWARE, and GENESIS assumes no responsibility for such transactions or activities.  You are solely responsible for any charges associated with your financial institutions.\par
\cf1\b\par
\expndtw-1\fs24 6. THIRD PARTIES.\par
\cf0\b0\fs20 In connection with your use of the SOFTWARE, you may be made aware of services, products, offers and promotions provided by third parties, and not by GENESIS (\ldblquote Third Party Services\rdblquote ).  If you decide to use Third Party Services, you are responsible for reviewing and understanding the terms and conditions governing any Third Party Services.  You agree that the third party, and not GENESIS, is responsible for the performance of Third Party Services.\par
\par
In addition, the SOFTWARE may contain or reference links to websites operated by third parties (the \ldblquote Third Party Websites\rdblquote ).  These links are provided as a convenience only.  The Third Party Websites are not under the control of GENESIS.  GENESIS is not responsible for the content of the Third Party Websites or any link contained in the Third Party Websites.  GENESIS does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to the Third Party Websites, and the inclusion of any link in the SOFTWARE is not and does not imply an affiliation, sponsorship, endorsement, approval, investigation, verification or monitoring by GENESIS of any information contained in the Third Party Websites.  In no event will GENESIS be responsible for the information contained in the Third Party Websites or for your use of or inability to use any of the Third Party Websites.  Access to the Third Party Websites is at your own risk, and you acknowledge and understand that the Third Party Websites may contain terms and privacy policies that are different from those of GENESIS.  GENESIS is not responsible for such provisions, and expressly disclaims any liability for them.\cf1\b  \par
\par
\fs24 7. WARRANTY OF TITLE\expndtw0 .\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb3\fs20 GE\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 S\expndtw2 I\expndtw0 S\expndtw-3  \expndtw-2 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 by\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 w\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 rr\expndtw0 an\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o L\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 e\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 hat\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 G\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw1 S\expndtw0 IS\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 w\expndtw0 n\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 SOFTWARE\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r \expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 se\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 has\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  ri\expndtw0 ght \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o g\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 ant\expndtw-1  t\expndtw0 o\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 L\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ns\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 e\expndtw-7  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  ri\expndtw0 gh\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 rt\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1  i\expndtw0 n \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 e\expndtw1 me\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 .\expndtw-8   \expndtw0 In\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 e\expndtw-2 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-4  of \expndtw0 any b\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ach\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-10  \expndtw0 b\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ach\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  f\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 g\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-11  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 w\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 rr\expndtw0 an\expndtw-1 ty\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 L\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-1 e\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 's\expndtw-7  \expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 dy sha\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 be \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 qu\expndtw-1 ir\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  G\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw1 S\expndtw0 IS\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o: \expndtw-3  (\expndtw-1 a\expndtw0 )\expndtw1  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 cu\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 at\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 GE\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 S\expndtw2 I\expndtw-1 S\expndtw0\lquote s\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 x\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 ns\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-8  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  ri\expndtw0 ght \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o u\expndtw-2 s\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he \expndtw1 S\expndtw-1 OFTWARE\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-6  (b\expndtw0 )\expndtw3\~\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 ace\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 SOFTWARE\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 any\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 pa\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 t \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 hat\expndtw-1  i\expndtw0 s \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 b\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ach\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 ace\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 t\expndtw2  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 h \expndtw-1 S\expndtw1 OFTWARE\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f c\expndtw-1 o\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 pa\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 ab\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 e\expndtw-6  \expndtw1 f\expndtw-2 u\expndtw0 nc\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 na\expndtw1 l\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 t\expndtw0 y\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 hat\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 d\expndtw1 oe\expndtw0 s\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 cau\expndtw-2 s\expndtw0 e\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 any\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 b\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ach,\expndtw-7  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  (c\expndtw0 )\expndtw3  \expndtw-1 re\expndtw1 f\expndtw0 und\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o L\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 e\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 f\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 a\expndtw1 mo\expndtw0 unt\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  li\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nse\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 e\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 up\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 n\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 SOFTWARE\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw1  \expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o \expndtw-2 G\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw1 S\expndtw0 I\expndtw1 S\expndtw0 .\par
\par
\cf1\b\fs24 8. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP\cf0\b0 .\line\fs20 All title, including but not limited to copyrights, trade secret and other intellectual property laws, in and to the SOFTWARE and any copies thereof are owned by GENESIS or its suppliers and service providers.  All title and intellectual property rights in and to the content which may be accessed or produced through use of the SOFTWARE is the property of GENESIS and is protected by applicable copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties.  Content produced by the SOFTWARE includes the user interface, and the visual representations of data generated by the SOFTWARE including but not limited to charts, graphs and other infographics.  This EULA grants you no rights to use such content in any manner in which it is shared with or distributed to additional parties (beyond the registered Licensee).  \b The SOFTWARE is licensed, not sold\b0 .  All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by GENESIS.  This EULA does not grant you any rights to the trademarks or service marks of GENESIS.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\cf1\b\fs24 9. \expndtw-1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES\expndtw0 .\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb2\expndtw1\fs20 OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN \ldblquote AS-IS\rdblquote  AND \ldblquote AS AVAILABLE\rdblquote  BASIS AND, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GENESIS, ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, PARTICIPATING FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, DISTRIBUTORS, DEALERS AND SUPPLIERS (COLLECTIVELY, THE \ldblquote SUPPLIERS\rdblquote ) DISCLAIM ALL GUARANTEES AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, REGARDING THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSES, MERCHANTABILITY, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  GENESIS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE IS SECURE OR FREE FROM BUGS, VIRUSES, INTERRUPTION, ERRORS, IDENTITY THEFT, THREAT OF HACKERS, OTHER PROGRAM LIMITATIONS, OR THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.  GENESIS ATTEMPTS TO ENSURE THAT THE ACCOUNT DATA STORED ON GENESIS\rquote S SERVERS IS SAFE AND SECURE BY EMPLOYING REASONABLE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SECURITY AND VIRUS SAFEGUARDS, AND CONDUCTING ROUTINE SYSTEM MAINTENANCE AND MONITORING.  HOWEVER, NOTHING CAN ENSURE THAT YOUR INFORMATION IS 100% SECURE.  \par
\par
SOME STATES DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  IN THAT EVENT, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO 60 DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE OR DELIVERY OF THE SOFTWARE, AS APPLICABLE; PROVIDED THAT, SOME STATES DO NOT PERMIT LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb14\expndtw0\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\fs24 10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.\cf0\b0\line\caps\fs20 In no event shall GENESIS be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, lost profits, business interruption, or lost information) Arising out of YOUR OR ANY OTHER Authorized Users' use of or inability to use the SOFTWARE, even if GENESIS has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  In no event will GENESIS be liable for loss of data or for indirect, special, incidental, consequential (including lost profit), or other damages based in contract, tort or otherwise.  GENESIS shall have no liability with respect to the content of the SOFTWARE or any part thereof, including but not limited to errors or omissions contained therein, libel, infringements of rights of publicity, privacy, trademark rights, business interruption, personal injury, loss of privacy, moral rights or the disclosure of confidential information.  IN NO EVENT WILL GENESIS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, COST, LIABILITY OR DAMAGE INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR RECEIPT OF OR PARTICIPATION IN ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICES, THIRD PARTY WEBSITES OR BANKING SERVICES.  IN NO EVENT DOES GENESIS ASSUME ANY LIABILITY TO ANY PARTY OTHER THAN YOU ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE.  \par
\par
THE ENTIRE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF GENESIS AND ITS SUPPLIERS FOR ALL MATTERS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS EULA SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE.  THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF the BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN GENESIS AND YOU.  GENESIS WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO HAVE PROVIDED the SOFTWARE WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS.\par
\par
UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW, AN ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY YOU TO ENFORCE AN OBLIGATION, DUTY, OR RIGHT ARISING UNDER THIS EULA OR BY LAW WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE OR THIS EULA MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES.\cf1\b\caps0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\fs24 11. \expndtw-1 WARNINGS AND DISCLAIMER.\cf0\expndtw0\b0\par
\expndtw-1\b\fs20 T\expndtw0 he SOFTWARE\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 is\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 p\expndtw1 r\expndtw0 o\expndtw-1 v\expndtw0 id\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 for\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 IN\expndtw1 FO\expndtw-1 RM\expndtw0 A\expndtw-1 T\expndtw0 I\expndtw1 O\expndtw0 NAL\expndtw-8  \expndtw0 and \expndtw-1 E\expndtw1 D\expndtw0 UCA\expndtw-1 T\expndtw0 I\expndtw1 O\expndtw0 NAL\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-2 u\expndtw1 r\expndtw0 po\expndtw-1 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 onl\expndtw2 y\expndtw0\b0 .\expndtw60  \expndtw-1 N\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 SOFTWARE\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 by\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 cha\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 xt\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o \expndtw-2 b\expndtw0 e \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 k\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 as\expndtw-1  tr\expndtw0 ad\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 ad\expndtw-1 vi\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 .\expndtw59   \expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 ny\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ad\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 ac\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d u\expndtw-2 p\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 li\expndtw0 ance\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 of\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 w\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 vi\expndtw0 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 da\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 k\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 at\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ur\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 w\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  ri\expndtw0 sk\expndtw-1  f\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ur\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 w\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 ac\expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 un\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 . \expndtw58  \expndtw-1 Y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u sh\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 d\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 nsu\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 t\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ur\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 b\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 k\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nanc\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 al\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 ad\expndtw-1 vi\expndtw0 s\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-2 b\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 ac\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 any\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ad\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\cf1\expndtw-1\b A.\tab\cf0\b0 T\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 an\expndtw-1  o\expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o buy\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 f\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-7  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  c\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 mo\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 y\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s.\expndtw59  \expndtw-1 T\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  n\expndtw0 o gua\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 an\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 ee\expndtw0 s\expndtw-7  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  c\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rt\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 i\expndtw2 n\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  tr\expndtw0 a\expndtw2 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng.\expndtw61  \expndtw-1 Tr\expndtw0 ad\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 lv\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 ha\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 d\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 wo\expndtw-1 rk\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 ri\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 k\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 sc\expndtw-1 i\expndtw2 p\expndtw-1 li\expndtw0 ne\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 ab\expndtw-1 il\expndtw1 i\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 y \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ade\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ugh\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 any\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ugh\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 p\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ds\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 du\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw0 ng a\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 y\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 em\expndtw0\rquote s\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 w\expndtw0 -d\expndtw-1 o\expndtw1 w\expndtw0 ns. \expndtw56  \expndtw2 I\expndtw0 f\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 lo\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 ki\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 fo\expndtw0 r gua\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 an\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 ee\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-8  \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ad\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 bab\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 y\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 fo\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u.\expndtw59  \expndtw0 Wh\expndtw-1 il\expndtw0 e\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s g\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 at\expndtw-2  p\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw2 a\expndtw0 l\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 ew\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 d,\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ad\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng c\expndtw-1 o\expndtw1 m\expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 y\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 f\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ns,\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 c\expndtw-2 a\expndtw0 sh\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 cu\expndtw-1 rr\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nc\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-8  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 t\expndtw-2 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 ag\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-7  \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ansac\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 duc\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-6  \expndtw0\b th\expndtw1 er\expndtw0 e is al\expndtw-1 s\expndtw0 o\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 SU\expndtw-1 B\expndtw0 S\expndtw-1 T\expndtw0 AN\expndtw-1 T\expndtw0 IAL\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 R\expndtw0 ISK \expndtw-1 O\expndtw0 F\expndtw1  \expndtw-3 L\expndtw1 O\expndtw0 S\expndtw1 S\expndtw0\b0 .\expndtw63   \expndtw1 Be\expndtw0 ca\expndtw-2 u\expndtw0 se\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 v\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 ua\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 ag\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-7  \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ansac\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 duc\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 m\expndtw0 ay\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 uc\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 ua\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 e\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 tly\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 t\expndtw2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s p\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ss\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 b\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 e\expndtw-1  t\expndtw0 o\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 se\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 han \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 unt\expndtw-6  \expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw2 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 l\expndtw0 y\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d.  \expndtw-1 T\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 se\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 duc\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 su\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 ab\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 me\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s\expndtw-8  \expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 ry\expndtw1 o\expndtw-2 n\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 .\expndtw56   \expndtw-2 C\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ur\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nanc\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 al\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 nd\expndtw-1 iti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n b\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 st\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ad\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 . \expndtw61  \expndtw0 On\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 y \expndtw-1 "ri\expndtw0 sk\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 cap\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 l\expndtw0 "\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 s\expndtw-2 h\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 b\expndtw0 e u\expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 fo\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 a\expndtw2 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng.\expndtw61  \expndtw0 On\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 y \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ade \expndtw1 m\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 rk\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 can\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 p\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rl\expndtw0 y\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 fo\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 d\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ad\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\sb19\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\cf1\b B.\b0\tab\cf0\expndtw1 H\expndtw-1 y\expndtw0 p\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw0 cal\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-4  \expndtw-2 p\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 fo\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 an\expndtw-2 c\expndtw0 e\expndtw-9  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 su\expndtw-1 lt\expndtw0 s\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 ha\expndtw-3 v\expndtw0 e\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rt\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  i\expndtw0 nh\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 li\expndtw1 mi\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ns.\expndtw58   \expndtw0 Un\expndtw-1 lik\expndtw0 e\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 an ac\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 ual\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 p\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rf\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 ance\expndtw-9  \expndtw-1 re\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 d,\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 re\expndtw0 su\expndtw-1 lt\expndtw0 s\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 do\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 ac\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 ual\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ad\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng.\expndtw61   \expndtw1 A\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 s\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nce\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ad\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 ha\expndtw-3 v\expndtw0 e\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 ac\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 ua\expndtw-1 ll\expndtw0 y\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 b\expndtw1 ee\expndtw0 n\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 x\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 cu\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-2 d\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 su\expndtw-1 lt\expndtw0 s\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 m\expndtw0 ay\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 ha\expndtw-1 v\expndtw0 e\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 und\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 -\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 -c\expndtw-1 o\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 p\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nsa\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-14  \expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  i\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 pac\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 f\expndtw1  \expndtw0 an\expndtw-1 y\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rt\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 m\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 rk\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 t\expndtw-6  \expndtw1 f\expndtw0 ac\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 such\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 as\expndtw-1  l\expndtw0 ack\expndtw-1  o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 li\expndtw0 q\expndtw2 u\expndtw-1 i\expndtw2 d\expndtw-1 ity\expndtw0 . \expndtw1  S\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-7  \expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ad\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 s\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 g\expndtw1 e\expndtw-2 n\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 al\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 so\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 sub\expndtw-2 j\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ct\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 f\expndtw0 act\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 hat\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 y\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 gn\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 h \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 b\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw1 ef\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 t\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 f h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nds\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 gh\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 .\expndtw62   \expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 o \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-8  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s b\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 m\expndtw0 ade\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 hat\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 any\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 ac\expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 unt\expndtw-6  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 il\expndtw0 l\expndtw3  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw2  \expndtw-1 lik\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 y\expndtw-1  t\expndtw0 o ach\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 v\expndtw0 e\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 of\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 s \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ss\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 m\expndtw-1 il\expndtw0 ar\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o any\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 su\expndtw-1 lt\expndtw0 s\expndtw-2  s\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 ow\expndtw-2 n\expndtw0 . \expndtw60  \expndtw0\b Pa\expndtw-1 s\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 e\expndtw1 r\expndtw0 fo\expndtw1 r\expndtw0 mance\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 d\expndtw0 o\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 not\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 guarant\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 e futu\expndtw1 r\expndtw0 e \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 s\expndtw0 ult\expndtw1 s\expndtw0\b0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\sb1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\cf1\expndtw1\b C\expndtw0 .\b0\tab\cf0 You understand and agree that there may be tax consequences with any trades that you may make.  You are advised to consult with your tax advisor regarding the tax consequences applicable to your particular situation.  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\cf1\b\fs24 12. \expndtw-2 SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE\expndtw0 .\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb3\cf1\expndtw-1\b\fs20 A.\tab\cf0\b0 D\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 m\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 hat\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 L\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 e\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s cu\expndtw-1 rr\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-6  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  A\expndtw0 LL\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 pa\expndtw-1 ym\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 GE\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 S\expndtw2 I\expndtw0 S\expndtw-3  \expndtw-2 s\expndtw0 ha\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw1  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 vi\expndtw0 de\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o L\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 e any\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 e\expndtw1 w\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-2  c\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 rr\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-7  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nha\expndtw-2 n\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-8  \expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 SOFTWARE\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 as\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 by\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 G\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 S\expndtw2 I\expndtw-1 S\expndtw0 .\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 S\expndtw0 uch\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 nhanc\expndtw-1 e\expndtw1 me\expndtw0 nt sha\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw-1  i\expndtw0 nc\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 ude\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ca\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  S\expndtw1 OFTWARE\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 w\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ch\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nc\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ase\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 sp\expndtw1 ee\expndtw-2 d\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ncy\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 e\expndtw0 a\expndtw-2 s\expndtw0 e\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 u\expndtw-2 s\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  S\expndtw1 OFTWARE\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-8  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 add\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 add\expndtw-1 iti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw2 a\expndtw0 l\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 capab\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 l\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 f\expndtw0 unc\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 na\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 i\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 y\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  S\expndtw1 OFTWARE\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 but\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 sha\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nc\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 ude\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 any subs\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 an\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw2 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 l\expndtw0 y\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 w\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 re\expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-2  v\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 S\expndtw-1 OFTWARE\expndtw0 .\par
\par
\cf1\b B.\tab\cf0\b0 Use of enhancements, corrections and/or modifications may require Licensee\rquote s agreement to revised terms of this EULA at the discretion of GENESIS.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb8\par
\cf1\b\fs24 13. I\expndtw-1 NDEMNIFICATION.\cf0\expndtw0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\expndtw-1\caps\fs20 Y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 ag\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 e\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nd\expndtw1 em\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 f\expndtw0 y\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  h\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 d\expndtw1  \expndtw0 ha\expndtw-3 r\expndtw1 m\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ss\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 GE\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 S\expndtw2 I\expndtw-1 S\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 s\expndtw2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw1 ff\expndtw-1 ili\expndtw2 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 ir\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 em\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 ye\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s, ag\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 iv\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-11  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  suppliers \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 r\expndtw-1  r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-2 p\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 tiv\expndtw0 e\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 ir\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 em\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 ye\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s, ag\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 iv\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-11  \expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 ro\expndtw0 m\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 aga\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nst\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 any\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw1  \expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-1  i\expndtw0 nc\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 ud\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng,\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 but\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 li\expndtw1 m\expndtw-1 it\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d \expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 any \expndtw-1 li\expndtw0 a\expndtw2 b\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 l\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 t\expndtw0 y\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 x\expndtw-2 p\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nse\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw2 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 ro\expndtw0 m\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw1  \expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ss\expndtw1 e\expndtw-2 s\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 da\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 a\expndtw-2 g\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 (ac\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 ual\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 qu\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 ),\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 su\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 s, judg\expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 i\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw0 g\expndtw2 a\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 tt\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 n\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 y\expndtw0\rquote s\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 ee\expndtw-2 s\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw1 e\expndtw-2 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 y\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 ki\expndtw0 nd\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 na\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 f\expndtw-1 ro\expndtw0 m\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ur\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 use\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  SOFTWARE, \expndtw-2 W\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 bs\expndtw-1 it\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 Se\expndtw-1 rvi\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-6  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  i\expndtw0 n\expndtw1 fo\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-8  \expndtw1 m\expndtw0 a\expndtw-2 d\expndtw0 e\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 v\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 il\expndtw0 a\expndtw2 b\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ugh\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he SOFTWARE,\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 W\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 bs\expndtw-1 it\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 S\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rvi\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 and/\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ur\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 vi\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 se\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 T\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 s\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  C\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 nd\expndtw-1 iti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 any\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 ir\expndtw0 d\expndtw1  \expndtw0 pa\expndtw-1 rty\expndtw0\rquote s\expndtw-1  ri\expndtw0 gh\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s, \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nc\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 u\expndtw2 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng,\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 but\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 li\expndtw1 mi\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d \expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 yri\expndtw0 gh\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 r\expndtw0 y\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 ri\expndtw0 gh\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 riv\expndtw0 acy\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 ri\expndtw0 gh\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 ri\expndtw0 gh\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s un\expndtw-2 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 d\expndtw1 ef\expndtw-2 a\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n \expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 w\expndtw0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\caps0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\fs24 14.\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 NOTICE.\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb1\expndtw1\fs20 A\expndtw0 ny\expndtw-3  \expndtw-2 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw0 ce\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 qu\expndtw-1 ir\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 by\expndtw-1  t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 e\expndtw1 me\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-8  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 iv\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n \expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 nn\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-8  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 h\expndtw2  \expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 , sha\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 be\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw2  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 riti\expndtw0 ng and\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 sha\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 be g\expndtw-1 iv\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 app\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 e\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 pa\expndtw-1 rt\expndtw0 y\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 by\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 p\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 s\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 nal\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 liv\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 y\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 by\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rti\expndtw3 f\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1  m\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 il\expndtw0 ,\expndtw1  \expndtw0 p\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 age\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 pa\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 d, \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 re\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 gn\expndtw-1 iz\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d \expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ght\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 liv\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 y\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rvi\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb19\par
\pard\nowidctlpar If\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o\expndtw1  \expndtw-2 G\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw1 S\expndtw0 I\expndtw1 S\expndtw0 :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb1\expndtw1 Le\expndtw-1 g\expndtw0 al\expndtw-2  D\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 p\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 r\expndtw-1 tm\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 n\expndtw0 t\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\expndtw1\dn1 Ge\expndtw-3 n\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 Fin\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 n\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 i\expndtw0 al\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 T\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 c\expndtw-1 hn\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 gi\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-10  \expndtw0 I\expndtw-1 n\expndtw0 c.\up0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb1\expndtw1 4\expndtw-1 7\expndtw1 7\expndtw0 5\expndtw-5  \expndtw-2 C\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 nt\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 nni\expndtw0 al\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 B\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 v\expndtw-1 d\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 Suit\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 1\expndtw-1 5\expndtw0 0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\dn1 C\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 or\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 d\expndtw0 o\expndtw-7  \expndtw-1 Sp\expndtw1 r\expndtw-1 ing\expndtw0 s,\expndtw-2  C\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 or\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 d\expndtw0 o\expndtw-7  \expndtw1 8\expndtw-1 0\expndtw1 9\expndtw-1 1\expndtw0 9\up0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb3\par
\pard{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:legal@genesisft.com" \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\h}}{\fldrslt{\cf2\expndtw-1\ul\dn1 l\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 g\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 @\expndtw-1 g\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw2 f\expndtw-1 t.\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 m}}}\cf0\ulnone\up0\f0\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb11\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb21\cf1\b\fs24 15.\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 GOVERNING LAW\expndtw0 .\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\expndtw-1\dn1\fs20 T\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  A\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 re\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-8  \expndtw0 sha\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 be \expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 u\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw1 fo\expndtw-1 r\expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-7  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 acc\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 dance\expndtw-8  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 h \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  l\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 w\expndtw0 s\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 S\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 e\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 C\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 ad\expndtw1 o, without regard to its choice of law or conflicts of law principles that would require the application of law of a different jurisdiction\expndtw0 .\up0\par
\par
\cf1\b\fs24 16.\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 NO ASSIGNMENT.\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb7\expndtw-1\fs20 N\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 e\expndtw1 me\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-8  \expndtw-2 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 any\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 st\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  A\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 re\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-8  \expndtw1 m\expndtw0 ay\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 be\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 ass\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 gn\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 by\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 L\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 e\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ut\expndtw-1  t\expndtw0 he p\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 x\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ss\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 ritt\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 app\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 v\expndtw0 al\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 GE\expndtw-1 N\expndtw0 E\expndtw-1 S\expndtw2 I\expndtw-1 S\expndtw0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb14\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\fs24 17.\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 FINAL AGREEMENT.\cf0\b0\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\sb1\expndtw-1\fs20 T\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  A\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 re\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-8  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 m\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 na\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 sup\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw-2 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw1  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-1  revisions, \expndtw0 un\expndtw-2 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 an\expndtw2 d\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ngs\expndtw-6  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 ag\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 ee\expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 s\expndtw-9  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 sub\expndtw-2 j\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ct \expndtw1 m\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 tt\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-3  \expndtw-2 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 o\expndtw1 f\expndtw0 .\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 T\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 A\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 e\expndtw1 me\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-8  is subject to modification at any time, as required by GENESIS.  Users will be notified by email, postal letter, pop-up notice upon launching the SOFTWARE, and/or phone call at the discretion of GENESIS. Licensee is bound to the terms of this, as well as any and all future revisions to this Agreement as a term of continued use.\expndtw0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\fs24 18.\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 EXPORT CONTROL LAWS.\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb3\expndtw-1\fs20 T\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  \expndtw0 ag\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 e\expndtw1 me\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-9  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s subj\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ct\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 Un\expndtw-1 it\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 S\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-6  \expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 x\expndtw0 p\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 tr\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 s, including without limitation, the United States Export Administration Regulations.\expndtw-6   No software from this site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported to any country to which the United States embargoes goods.  In addition, no software may be distributed to (a) anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department\rquote s list of Specially Designated Nationals, (b)\~anyone on the U.S. Commerce Department\rquote s (i)\~Denied Persons List, (ii)\~Entity List, or (iii)\~Unverified List, or (c)\~anyone on the U.S. State Department\rquote s Debarred List or Nonproliferation List.  \expndtw0\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\expndtw1 B\expndtw0 y\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 d\expndtw-1 o\expndtw1 w\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ad\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  the SOFTWARE\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 ag\expndtw-1 re\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 fo\expndtw-3 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 g\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e \expndtw1 w\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 rr\expndtw0 an\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 hat\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ca\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n,\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 und\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 tr\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 l\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw1 f\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 na\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 nal\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f any\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 su\expndtw-2 c\expndtw0 h c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 un\expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 y\expndtw-6  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 any\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 such\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 li\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 ts\expndtw0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\fs24 19.\expndtw-1  T\expndtw0 ERMINATION.\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb1\expndtw-1\fs20 T\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  li\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nse\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 il\expndtw0 l\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 m\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 na\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 e\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 au\expndtw-1 to\expndtw1 m\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw0 c\expndtw2 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 l\expndtw0 y\expndtw-8  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 f\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 yo\expndtw0 u\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 f\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 l \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o \expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 om\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 y\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 it\expndtw0 h\expndtw2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 li\expndtw1 mi\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 a\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-4  \expndtw-2 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 sc\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw0 b\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-2  h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  S\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 rvi\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-6  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 m\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 na\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 x\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 ir\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 .\expndtw-4   \expndtw0 On \expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 m\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 na\expndtw-1 ti\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-6  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1  li\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ns\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 m\expndtw0 ust\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-1 tr\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 y\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw1  \expndtw0 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 s\expndtw-5  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  S\expndtw1 OFTWARE\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n \expndtw-1 y\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ur\expndtw-4  \expndtw-2 p\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 ss\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ss\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-9  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 tr\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 .  GENESIS reserves the right (but has no obligation) to delete all account information and data stored on GENESIS\rquote s servers if the license has been terminated or expired.  Upon termination, you must immediately cease using the SOFTWARE.  Any termination or expiration of the license shall not affect GENESIS\rquote s rights hereunder.  Further, you agree that upon termination or expiration of the license, GENESIS shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any termination of your access to the SOFTWARE or deletion of any information or data.  The indemnification obligations of Licensee contained herein will survive the termination or expiration of this EULA.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\fs24 20.\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 SEVERABILITY.\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb3\expndtw2\fs20 I\expndtw0 f\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 any\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 m\expndtw-2  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 e\expndtw1 me\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-8  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s h\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 d\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 by\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1  \expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f \expndtw-2 c\expndtw1 om\expndtw0 p\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-7  \expndtw0 ju\expndtw-1 ri\expndtw0 sd\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 t\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 be \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 v\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 i\expndtw0 d\expndtw1  o\expndtw0 r un\expndtw1 e\expndtw-2 n\expndtw1 fo\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ab\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-12  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 A\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 ee\expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-8  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nc\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 ud\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw3  \expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 f\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 he\expndtw-1  r\expndtw1 em\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 m\expndtw-2 s\expndtw0 ,\expndtw-4  \expndtw1 w\expndtw-1 il\expndtw0 l\expndtw1  \expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 em\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  \expndtw1 f\expndtw0 u\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw-1  f\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 ce\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 and \expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 fe\expndtw0 ct\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 as\expndtw-1  i\expndtw0 f\expndtw1  \expndtw-2 s\expndtw0 uch\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 v\expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 l\expndtw1 i\expndtw0 d\expndtw1  o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  u\expndtw0 n\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 f\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 c\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 ab\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 e\expndtw-11  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 m\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 had\expndtw-3  \expndtw-2 n\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 r\expndtw-5  \expndtw0 b\expndtw-1 e\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-2  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 nc\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 ud\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\cf1\b\fs24 21.\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 H\expndtw-1 EADINGS\expndtw0 .\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb7\expndtw1\fs20 He\expndtw0 ad\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ngs\expndtw-4  \expndtw0 u\expndtw-2 s\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-3  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1  t\expndtw0 h\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 s\expndtw1  A\expndtw0 g\expndtw-1 re\expndtw1 e\expndtw-1 m\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nt\expndtw-8  \expndtw0 a\expndtw-1 r\expndtw0 e\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 p\expndtw-1 r\expndtw1 o\expndtw-1 vi\expndtw0 d\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-1  f\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-2  c\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 v\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 i\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 nce\expndtw-12  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 y\expndtw-3  \expndtw0 and\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 sha\expndtw-1 l\expndtw0 l\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 n\expndtw1 o\expndtw0 t\expndtw-2  b\expndtw0 e us\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 d\expndtw-5  \expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 o c\expndtw-1 o\expndtw0 ns\expndtw-1 tr\expndtw0 ue \expndtw1 m\expndtw-1 e\expndtw0 an\expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 ng\expndtw-3  \expndtw1 o\expndtw0 r\expndtw-4  \expndtw-1 i\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw1 e\expndtw0 n\expndtw-1 t\expndtw0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb2\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\f1\par
}
 